You guys will come back to the business course.
Hope you're enjoying this story and so forth.
And in this video we're going to go on a quick walk through Africa.
So while we're on this walk I also wanted to give you a quick heads up.
You know me very soon is going to ask you to leave early for this course.
Now I know it can be difficult to judge the quality and value of a course this early on.
However the movie system has changed and they are asking you to leave a review earlier and earlier on.
And of course now with that in mind we're not going to ask you to leave a five sorry for this course
but what I would like to ask is if you're not familiar enough with the Course contents to write this
course if of course then please have a look through the tutorials.
Please just scroll down and look at all the different topics all of the different exciting and interesting
case studies with AI that you will cover in this course and hopefully that will give you the confidence
to rate this course a parser course.
If on the other hand something is wrong with the course if you're unsatisfied with something for whatever
reason please let us know before you read the Course.
You can contact the super and support team directly or you can leave a short message in the course Q&A
and we will get back to your feedback is very important to us.
We'll get back to work.
We will fix up whatever the issue is and then get back to you and hopefully that will give you the confidence
to rate this course of Peiser course.
Now on that note if something is wrong please do let us know.
But if you are satisfied with the course if you're excited about the journey ahead if you're enjoying
the trial so far and if you feel that this is indeed a five star course on AI in business then please
do raise it appropriately so that the rest of the world can also know that this is a future course and
they can also learn this.
Thanks so much guys for being part of artificial intelligence or business.
Very excited about the journey that you have had an old exciting things that you will learn.
And I look forward to seeing you inside these tutorials.
And until next time enjoy AI.